Digital information has become indispensable for all of us
Including more than seven million Americans with impaired vision
Is your information accessible to people who can't see?
Most people who are blind use audio screen readers, so you're all set, right?
Not really
What the screen reader "reads" makes a big difference.
Here's what people with low vision get from an inaccessible web page
[voice over software] A blurred website simulating low vision
[voice over software] link, image, red dot with a white letter C that symbolizes a moon crescent
as well as the sun, this logo is followed by a black banner that says "City Lights"
which is the name of this online portal.
[click sound effect] Link, image, nav underline home dot gif
[click sound effect] Link, image, nav underline news dot gif
[click sound effect] Link, image, nav underline facts dot gif
[click sound effect] Link, image, nav underline survey dot gif
A user who is totally blind gets this experience
[voice over software][click sound effect] Which is your favorite city park?
[click sound effect] Radio button one of six.
[click sound effect] Radio button, two of six.
[click sound effect] Radio button, three of six.
[Narrator] Could you fill out the survey?
Here's the page you tried to view.
[voice over software] The website from before without blur.
Now, "see" it with accessibility built in.
[voice over software] Link, image, City Lights, your access to the city.
[click sound effect] Explore site by topic.
[click sound effect] Quick menu, explore site by topic.
[click sound effect] Heading level two, navigation menu.
[click sound effect] Link, home.
[click sound effect] Link, news. [click sound effect] Link tickets.
[click sound effect] Survey, clickable.
[click sound effect] Favorite park.
[click sound effect] Which is your favorite city park?
[click sound effect] None, radio button, one of six.
[click sound effect] Central Park, radio button two of six.
[click sound effect] Grand park, radio button three of six.
[click sound effect] Jurassic park, radio button four of six.
[click sound effect] Jurassic Park, radio button four of six. Selected. Jurassic Park, radio button four of six.
[click sound effect] South Park, radio button five of six.
[click sound effect] Other, radio button, six of six.
Better, right?
Much better.
To learn more, visit Perkins.org/Access